RHIDP-13056: separating notebooks and lightspeed vector_store (#2861)
redhat-developer/rhdh-plugins: workspaces/lightspeed/plugins/lightspeed-backend/README.md

    # Required: Query defaults for RAG queries
    # Both model and provider_id must be configured together
    queryDefaults:

>       model: ${NOTEBOOKS_QUERY_MODEL} # Model to use for answering queries. Must map to a model inabled in your Lightspeed Stack run.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      model: ${NOTEBOOKS_QUERY_MODEL} # Model to use for answering queries. Must map to a model available through the provider set in $NOTEBOOKS_QUERY_PROVIDER_ID
```

>       provider_id: ${NOTEBOOKS_QUERY_PROVIDER_ID} # AI provider for the query model. Must map to a provier inabled in your Lightspeed Stack run.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      provider_id: ${NOTEBOOKS_QUERY_PROVIDER_ID} # AI provider for the query model. Must map to a provider enabled in your Lightspeed config.yaml
```

- **`queryDefaults.model`** _(required)_: The LLM model to use for answering RAG queries. Must be available in the configured provider.
- **`queryDefaults.provider_id`** _(required)_: The AI provider identifier for the query model (e.g., `ollama`, `vllm`). Both `model` and `provider_id` must be configured together.

> > **Important**: The `model` and `provider_id` values must map to a provider and model that are actually enabled in your Lightspeed Stack run.yaml configuration. If the provider or model is not available in Lightspeed Stack, queries will fail. For example, if `openai` enabled in Lightspeed via ENABLE_OPENAI, then model must be available (model=gpt-4o-mini).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: The `model` and `provider_id` values must map to a provider and model that are actually enabled in your Lightspeed config.yaml configuration. If the provider or model is not available in Lightspeed, queries will fail. For example, if `openai` enabled in Lightspeed via ENABLE_OPENAI, then model must be available, e.g (model=gpt-4o-mini).
```
